In this directory you find a few examples. Keep in mind that the puzzle designs
are owned by their corresponding designers and that you need to ask them if you
want to produce one of them commercially. They all have been so kind and
allowed me to bundle them here with the program.
Each design also demonstrates some of the features of the program so I will
tell a few words about each of them.

AlPackino: Designed by Ronald Kint-Bruynseels
This puzzle shows how to properly make packing puzzles. You always should
include the box as a piece so that the program can also check, if the pieces
can be moved into the box. You can also see how to handle multiple identical
pieces. When looking at the solution it is useful to display the box as a
wire frame. This can be done by clicking at the blue rectangle at the lower end
of the tools. The rectangle with the text "S1 - Box" in it.

Ball Room: Designed by Stewart Coffin
This puzzle shows the sphere gridspace. If also shows how to include more than
one problem within one file.

Bermuda: Designed by Bill Cutler
This is a puzzle using the triangular gridspace. You can see that several layers
of triangles can be stacked on top of one another

CubeInCage: Designed by Mineyuki Uyematsu
This file contains MINE's CUBE in CAGE 333 cube g. This file demonstrates how
to use the grouping capabilities. The puzzle contains 3 interlocked pieces
that construct a cage. The piece move but can not be taken apart. It needs
to be told to the program that this is intentional. So here you have an example
of how to do that.

Draculas Dental Desaster: Designed by Ronald Kint-Bruynseels
This puzzle demonstrated the used of colour contraints. Halve of the end result
must be red and the other halve black. You can see the colours if you enable
the checkbox in the statusline at the bottom right.

Pelikan Burr: Designed by Dic Sonneveld
This is a _very_ high level burr. It takes 98 moves to get the first piece out
of the box. This is just a demonstration of what is possible.

Solid 6-Piece Burr:
This file demonstrates the usage of piece ranges. It is possible to let BurrTools
search for all possible assemlies with a set of pieces by telling it that a piece
might be used 0-x times within the solution. The file included contains all pieces
that might be used in a solid 6-piece burr and says that each piece might be used
0-6 times.


12 Piece Separation: Designed by Stewart Coffin, USA.
A very nice puzzle that required a lot of shifting to get
pieces in and out.

Augmented Second Stellation: Designed by Stewart Coffin, USA
An other puzzle based on the Four Corner puzzle by
Stewart where the added units are colourized.

Broken Sticks: Designed by Stewart Coffin, USA.
This puzzle shows off the rhombic grid. It uses colour
to show the pieces that were added to the base pieces
of the Four Corner Puzzle. Allso note that the result
shape is there twice. One is the mirror of the other.
There is really no difference except for the shape of the
ends of the sticks. They can not be cut completely
rectangular that is why there are 2 possible ways and
only one has a solution.

Diagonal Cube: Designed by Stewart Coffin, USA.
Strangely shaped pieces form a cube that disassembles
along an unexpected diagonal sliding plane.

Hexsticks: Designed by Stewart Coffin, Bill Cutler, USA (both independently).
This is an old classic. It can be seen that the pieces can
be assembled in 33 ways, of those only 2 can really
be assembled. It can also be seen that the shapes
of the sticks can not be modeled correctly. The ends
can not be cut straight. But as that doesn't destroy
the symmetry of the whole shape it doesn't matter.
See Broken Sticks for an example where it does matter.

Permutated Third Stellation: Designed by Stewart Coffin, USA.
A puzzle that shows the rhombic grid. The pieces are
formed by adding additional pieces to the pieces of the
Four Corner puzle. Those additional pieces are
colourized.

Pieces of Eight: Designed by Stewart Coffin, USA.
A puzzle with multiple problems.

Name: Prisgon
Designed by: Markus Goetz, Germany
This was one of the very first higher level puzzles using
the triangular grid. It was designed manually without the
help of computers. The puzzle design exists in 2 slightly
different variations: one with the original box as Markus
intended and planned which has level 9.6.4 and the other
one with a box as it is sold by Philos which has 'only'
level 9.5.1.

Name: 4-Piece-Tetrahedron
Designed by: Wayne Daniel, USA
This is an example for a puzzle using the Tatrahedral-
Octahedral-Spacegrid.